# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
ape-pie==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-stubs
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   open-api-framework
boltons==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
cbor2==5.6.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
celery-types==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements/type-checking.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   self-certifi
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
commonground-api-common==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
django==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-markup
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   django-upgrade-check
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-axes==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-capture-tag==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-csp==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   open-api-framework
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jsonform==2.23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-markup==1.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==2.0.0.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-rosetta==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-setup-configuration==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-simple-certmanager==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-stubs==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.in
    #   django-stubs
django-timeline-logger==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-upgrade-check==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-gis==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-inclusions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-stubs==3.15.1
    # via -r requirements/type-checking.in
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   python-creole
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
drf-nested-routers==0.94.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-polymorphic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
elastic-transport==8.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch==8.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==8.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==28.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flower==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
glom==23.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   textile
humanize==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
inflate64==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
maykin-common==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   yarl
multivolumefile==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pyright
notifications-api-common==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
open-api-framework==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
phonenumberslite==8.13.45
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   psycopg
py7zr==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pybcj==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   qrcode
pyppmd==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyright==1.1.381
    # via -r requirements/type-checking.in
python-creole==1.4.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-ipware
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   oyaml
    #   vcrpy
pyzstd==0.16.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==5.0.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   textile
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-rosetta
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   open-api-framework
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
self-certifi==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-upgrade-check
sentry-sdk==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sphinx-tabs==3.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
tblib==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
textile==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-markup
texttable==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   py7zr
tornado==6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240917
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.32.0.20240914
    # via
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery-types
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   psycopg
    #   pyopenssl
    #   qrcode
    #   zgw-consumers
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
    #   vcrpy
uwsgi==2.0.26
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vcrpy
zgw-consumers==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
